Azure APM new docs (#37185)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_database_messaging_services/_index.md

---

> title: Serverless Monitoring for Azure Database and Messaging Services

Reviewer: Can we condense to `Azure Database and Messaging Services` and place this under the `Azure` heading in the sidebar?

<img width="1042" height="563" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ce73a191-698c-483a-bf45-8ee6ec8138d8" />

---

## Overview

> Datadog APM uses **inferred spans** to collect traces and trace metrics from Azure Cosmos DB, Event Hubs, and Service Bus. Inferred spans appear automatically in flame graph and waterfall views for Datadog-instrumented services running on Azure. No additional configuration is required. For Azure Functions setup, see [Serverless Monitoring for Azure Functions][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog APM uses **inferred spans** to collect traces and trace metrics from Azure Cosmos DB, Event Hubs, and Service Bus. Inferred spans appear automatically in flame graph and waterfall views for Datadog-instrumented services running on Azure. No additional configuration is required. To setup instrumentation for Azure Serverless workloads, see [Serverless Monitoring][1].
```

{{< card-grid card_width="170px" >}}
  {{< image-card href="azure_cosmosdb/" src="integrations_logos/azure_cosmosdb.png" alt="azure_cosmosdb" >}}
  {{< image-card href="azure_event_hubs/" src="integrations_logos/azure_event_hub.png" alt="azure_event_hubs" >}}
  {{< image-card href="azure_service_bus/" src="integrations_logos/azure_service_bus.png" alt="azure_service_bus" >}}
{{< /card-grid >}}

> [1]: /serverless/azure_functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: /serverless
```

Since we don't have an Azure-specific landing page, I think we should link to the Serverless home page (rather than linking to Azure Functions, Azure Container Apps, Azure App Services, and Azure Logic Apps separately.
